President Obama:
Hello, everybody.
Earlier this week, I spoke about
our way forward in Afghanistan,
and I said that because the
extraordinary work of our men
and women in uniform, civilians,
and our coalition partners,
we will soon begin
bringing our troops home,
just as we've begun
doing in Iraq.
After a decade of conflict,
we're finally bringing these
wars to a responsible end.
That's in the best interest
of America's security.
And it's also in the best
interest of America's economy.
Even though we've turned our
economy in the right direction
over the past couple of years,
many Americans are still
hurting, and now is the time
to focus on nation building
here at home.
Of course, there's been a real
debate about where to invest and
where to cut, and I'm committed
to working with members of both
parties to cut our
deficits and debt.
But we can't simply cut
our way to prosperity.
We need to do what's necessary
to grow our economy;
create good, middle class jobs;
and make it possible for all
Americans to pursue
their dreams.
That means giving our kids the
best education in the world so
they have the knowledge
and skills to succeed in
this economy.
It means rebuilding our
crumbling roads, railways,
and runways.
And it means investing in the
cutting edge research and
technologies that will spur
growth in the years ahead --
from clean energy to
advanced manufacturing.
That's why I'm here today at
Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh,
one of America's leading
research universities.
Behind me is a display from a
company called RedZone Robotics.
The robots they make are used to
explore water and sewage pipes,
and find leaks and breaks before
they become expensive problems.
But the folks at RedZone
aren't just solving problems;
they're working with unions to
create new jobs operating the
robots, and they're saving
cities millions of dollars in
infrastructure costs.
This company is just one example
of how advanced manufacturing
can help spur job creation
and economic growth across
this country.
That's why this week, we
launched what we're calling an
Advanced Manufacturing
Partnership.
It's a partnership that brings
our federal government together
with some of America's most
brilliant minds and some of
America's most innovative
companies and manufacturers.
Their mission is to come up with
a way to get ideas from the
drawing board to the
manufacturing floor to the
marketplace as
swiftly as possible,
which will help
create quality jobs,
and make our businesses
more competitive.
But they also have
a broader mission.
It's to renew the promise
of American manufacturing.
To help make sure America
remains in this century what we
were in the last -- a
country that makes things.
A country that out-builds
and out-innovates the rest
of the world.
I know these have been
tough years for American
manufacturing, and all the
workers and families who've
built their lives around it.
But being here in Pittsburgh,
I'm hopeful about the future.
I'm hopeful when I think about
how companies like RedZone are
reinvigorating manufacturing
or about how what started as a
small trade school is now a
global research university.
We're a people who've always
adapted to meet the challenges
of a new time; who've always
shaped our own destiny,
and I'm absolutely confident
that that's what we're going to
do one more time.
Have a great weekend.
Bye bye.